Browser agnostic Baseline site & content (#1706)
web-platform-dx/web-features: gh-pages/index.md

# What is Baseline?

> Web Platform Baseline gives you clear information about which web platform features are ready to use in your projects today. When reading an article, or choosing a library for your project, if the features used are all part of Baseline, you can trust the level of browser compatibility. By aligning with Baseline, there should be no surprises when testing your site.

Reviewer: I like Daniel's suggested changes. We don't want to take shortcuts and say that Baseline is a guaranty. Every project is different, every site has different users and users' devices. Baseline doesn't take all browsers into considerations, and doesn't take all aspects of a feature into consideration either. And the 30 months delay for Baseline high is a choice not every project will accept.

I would go a bit further though, and mention that the "browsers" are only the ones we list in the next section.

```suggestion
Baseline gives you clear information about which web platform features work across our [core browser set](link to next section) today. When reading an article, or choosing a library for your project, if the features used are all part of Baseline, you can trust the level of browser compatibility. By aligning with Baseline, there should be fewer surprises when testing your site.
```

> Web Platform Baseline gives you clear information about which web platform features are ready to use in your projects today. When reading an article, or choosing a library for your project, if the features used are all part of Baseline, you can trust the level of browser compatibility. By aligning with Baseline, there should be no surprises when testing your site.

Author: manually fixed in separate checkin.

## How do features become part of Baseline?

> Features that are in Baseline are interoperable across a core browser set:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Features that are in Baseline are interoperable across the following core browser set:
```

- Chrome (desktop and Android)

> - Edge

Reviewer: Edge also exists on mobile, so it's worth adding `(desktop)` on this line.

Author: fixed

- Firefox (desktop and Android)
- Safari (macOS and iOS)

Baseline has two stages:

- **Newly available**: The feature becomes supported by all of the core browsers, and is therefore interoperable. Indicated with a blue icon.
- **Widely available**: 30 months has passed since the newly interoperable date. The feature can be used by most sites without worrying about support. Indicated with a green icon.

Features that are newly available can be used with confidence that they work in all the core browsers, however most people will need to consider fallbacks for browsers without support.

> Features that are widely available should be considered broadly available for use.

Reviewer: +1

# What is Baseline?

Baseline gives you clear information about which web platform features work across our [core browser set](#how-do-features-become-part-of-baseline) today. When reading an article, or choosing a library for your project, if the features used are all part of Baseline, you can trust the level of browser compatibility. By aligning with Baseline, there should be fewer surprises when testing your site.

## How do features become part of Baseline?

Baseline features are available across popular browsers. Baseline has two stages:

- **Newly available**: The feature works across the latest devices and browser versions. The feature might not work in older devices or browsers. Indicated with a blue icon.
- **Widely available**: The feature is well established and works across many devices and browser versions. It’s been available across browsers for at least 2½ years (30 months). Indicated with a green icon.

Baseline is calculated using the following core browser set:

- Apple Safari (macOS and iOS)
- Google Chrome (desktop and Android)
- Microsoft Edge (desktop)
- Mozilla Firefox (desktop and Android)

## How do I find the Baseline status of a feature?

> You can find at-a-glance Baseline statuses on [Can I Use](https://caniuse.com/) feature entries, [MDN Web Docs](https://developer.mozilla.org/) reference pages, and [webstatus.dev](https://webstatus.dev). See [Baseline in the wild](baseline-in-the-wild) for more examples.

Reviewer 2: On MDN and caniuse you can look up the status of individual features, but they currently don't have pages where you can see what has become available in Baseline recently. That's a use case that people ask about whenever we talk about Baseline, and that's the default sort order on the webstatus.dev start page. I think we should have a way to display that information.

> You can find at-a-glance Baseline statuses on [Can I Use](https://caniuse.com/) feature entries, [MDN Web Docs](https://developer.mozilla.org/) reference pages, and [webstatus.dev](https://webstatus.dev). See [Baseline in the wild](baseline-in-the-wild) for more examples.

Reviewer 3: If you think that use case is critical then I think linking https://web-platform-dx.github.io/web-features-explorer/ is reasonable.

> You can find at-a-glance Baseline statuses on [Can I Use](https://caniuse.com/) feature entries, [MDN Web Docs](https://developer.mozilla.org/) reference pages, and [webstatus.dev](https://webstatus.dev). See [Baseline in the wild](baseline-in-the-wild) for more examples.

Author: > If you think that use case is critical then I think linking https://web-platform-dx.github.io/web-features-explorer/ is reasonable.

We do link to that on that on the "Baseline in the wild" page...

> You can find at-a-glance Baseline statuses on [Can I Use](https://caniuse.com/) feature entries, [MDN Web Docs](https://developer.mozilla.org/) reference pages, and [webstatus.dev](https://webstatus.dev). See [Baseline in the wild](baseline-in-the-wild) for more examples.

Reviewer 3: Yep. I don't mind if we also link that here, or if we leave it on the "in the wild" page. My point is that webstatus.dev doesn't have endorsement from the group and so should not be linked on the main page.

> You can find at-a-glance Baseline statuses on [Can I Use](https://caniuse.com/) feature entries, [MDN Web Docs](https://developer.mozilla.org/) reference pages, and [webstatus.dev](https://webstatus.dev). See [Baseline in the wild](baseline-in-the-wild) for more examples.

Author: Removed that link.
